{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13348\c13348\c13331;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TPS 1:\
\
1. \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MARS\cf3  is a lightweight interactive development environment (IDE) for programming in \cf2 MIPS\cf3  assembly language\
\
4.	a. Click File open the file you want. \
	b.Click the button to the left of the green play button. The wrench and tool. 	(Assemble)\
	c. Click Green play button\
	d. No you can\'92t\
	e. Click the tool at the top to enable line by line compile.\
	f. Can assemble it again. \
\
TPS 2:\
1. .data, what follows next is variables. \'93Type n\'94 with value word whose value is 13. .text is the assembly code. \
2. Checks if $t3 and $t0 and if they are equal you jump to the finish label,\
3. Jumps back to the fib label (kind of like a while loop. But it is unconditional jump.)\
4. To set a breakpoint in MARS Assemble program, go to execute and set breakpoint.\
5. Click run the current program. (Green play button).The button next to the green button, \'93Run one step at a time\'94\
6. On the right side there is a register tab. Shows the name, number, and value (in Hex). Double click, change it to whatever.\
7.0x1001000\
8. It is a system call and it does some operation. Ex Printing, exiting, quitting. To do this you need to input the proper number of the command post $v0.\
}