{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 TPS Activities/Assignments lab 2\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Activity 2: (Replace gdb with lldb when using MAC)\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Gcc -g -o punish punishment.c //gives info about it and the compiled file. OR gcc -g 				punishment.c -o punish\
{\listtext	2.	}Gdb punish\
{\listtext	3.	}Type \'93run\'94 or type r\
{\listtext	4.	}Breakpoint: Where you set it the code will stop there. To add a breakpoint you simply b #. 			EX: b 13\
{\listtext	5.	}Just a command. To go to the next line, type n (stands for next)\
{\listtext	6.	}p stands for print variable name of the variable \
{\listtext	7.	}Type c or continue and it will run the rest of the program\
{\listtext	8.	}To exit GDB you type in q or quit.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Activity 3:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}4 pointers, 2 are points px and py\
{\listtext	2.	}Nothing prints out. They aren\'92t initialized. \
{\listtext	3.	}Set x equal to 0 and y equal to 0\
{\listtext	4.	}Print address of x and y you \'93print f(\'93&x and &y\'94)\
{\listtext	5.	}In the code\
{\listtext	6.	}In the code\
{\listtext	7.	}Yes they are, shown in the code.\
{\listtext	8.	}The results make sense because array name points to the first address. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Assignment 1:\
1. Line 14 was the segmentation error.\
2. To fix this error insert the address (&) in front of the variable \'91input\'92\
3. It is incorrect since the only thing returned by the function is the # of values inputed. Sum doesn\'92t change from 0, 0/values are always 0.\
4. Calculate the average in the function.\
\
\
Assignment 2:\
1. The output is expected but it is accommodated with unnecessary characters. \
2. The output is not expected as the previous \'93hello!\'94 Is also being added to str2.\
3. The output is not expected, str1 is completely ignored. \
\
\
\
\
}